 a hare, so you needn’t say it isn’t. After all, people must have said the truth----’  But her husband only shook his head and shrugged his shoulders as if he could not believe his own eyes.  ‘Now what are you standing there for, stupid?’ cried his wife. ‘Take up the hare. A nice fat hare is a dinner for a feast day.’  The old man caught up the hare, and they drove on to the place where the treasure was buried. They swept the twigs away, dug up the earth, took out the pot, and drove home again with it.  And now the old couple had plenty of money and were cheery and comfortable. But the wife was very foolish. Every day she asked a lot of people to dinner and feasted them, till her husband grew quite impatient. He tried to reason with her, but she would not listen.  ‘You’ve got no right to lecture me!’ said she. ‘We found the treasure together, and together we will spend it.’  Her husband took patience, but at length he said to her: ‘You may do as you please, but I sha’n’t give you another penny.’  The old woman was very angry. ‘Oh, what a good-for-nothing fellow to want to spend all the money himself! But just wait a bit and see what I shall do.’  Off she went to the governor to complain of her husband.  ‘Oh, my lord, protect me from my husband! Ever since he found the treasure there is no bearing him. He only eats and drinks, and won’t work, and he keeps all the money to himself.’  The governor took pity on the woman, and ordered his chief secretary to look into the matter.  The secretary called the elders of the village together, and went with them to the man’s house.  ‘The governor,’ said he, ‘desires you to give all that treasure you found into my care.’  The man shrugged his shoulders and said: ‘What treasure? I know nothing about a treasure.’  ‘How? You know nothing? Why your wife has complained of you. Don’t attempt to tell lies. If you don’t hand over all the money at once you will be tried for daring to raise treasure without giving due notice to the governor about it.’  ‘Pardon me, your excellency, but what sort of treasure was it supposed to have been? My wife must have dreamt of it, and you gentlemen have listened to her nonsense.’  ‘Nonsense, indeed,’ broke in his wife. ‘A kettle full of gold and silver, do you call that nonsense?’  ‘You are not in your right mind, dear wife. Sir, I beg your pardon. Ask her how it all happened, and if she convinces you I’ll pay for it with my life.’  ‘This is how it all happened, Mr. Secretary,’ cried the wife. ‘We were driving through the forest, and we saw a pike up in the top of a tree----’  ‘What, a 