 sell me the wizard,’ said the farmer. ‘Ask anything you like! I will pay you down a bushelful of money on the spot.’  ‘No, I really can’t,’ said Little Klans. ‘Just think how many things I can get from this wizard!’  ‘Ah! I should like to have him so much!’ said the farmer, begging very hard.  ‘Well!’ said Little Klaus at last, ‘as you have been so good as to give me shelter to-night, I will sell him. You shall have the wizard for a bushel of money, but I must have full measure.’  ‘That you shall,’ said the farmer. ‘But you must take the chest with you. I won’t keep it another hour in the house. Who knows that he isn’t in there still?’  Little Klaus gave the farmer his sack with the dry skin, and got instead a good bushelful of money. The farmer also gave him a wheelbarrow to carry away his money and the chest. ‘Farewell,’ said Little Klaus; and away he went with his money and the big chest, wherein sat the sexton.  On the other side of the wood was a large deep river. The water flowed so rapidly that you could scarcely swim against the stream.  A great new bridge had been built over it, on the middle of which Little Klaus stopped, and said aloud so that the sexton might hear:  ‘Now, what am I to do with this stupid chest? It is as heavy as if it were filled with stones! I shall only be tired, dragging it along; I will throw it into the river. If it swims home to me, well and good; and if it doesn’t, it’s no matter.’  Then he took the chest with one hand and lifted it up a little, as if he were going to throw it into the water.  ‘No, don’t do that!’ called out the sexton in the chest. ‘Let me get out first!’  ‘Oh, oh!’ said Little Klaus, pretending that he was afraid. ‘He is still in there! I must throw him quickly into the water to drown him!’  ‘Oh! no, no!’ cried the sexton. ‘I will give you a whole bushelful of money if you will let me go!’  ‘Ah, that’s quite another thing!’ said Little Klaus, opening the chest. The sexton crept out very quickly, pushed the empty chest into the water and went to his house, where he gave Little Klaus a bushel of money. One he had had already from the farmer, and now he had his wheelbarrow full of money.  ‘Well, I have got a good price for the horse!’ said he to himself when he shook all his money out in a heap in his room. ‘This will put Big Klaus in a rage when he hears how rich I have become through my one horse; but I won’t tell him just yet!’  So he sent a boy to Big Klaus to borrow a bushel measure from him.  ‘Now what can he want with it?’ thought Big Klaus; and he smeared some tar at the bottom, so that of whatever was measured a little should remain in it. And this is just what happened; for when he got his measure back, three new silver five-shilling pieces were sticking to it.  What does this mean?’ said Big Klaus, and he ran off at once to Little Klaus.  ‘Where did you get so much money from?’  ‘Oh, that was from my horse-skin. I sold it yesterday evening.’  ‘That’s certainly a good price!’ said Big Klaus; and running home in great haste, he took an axe, knocked all his four horses on the head, skinned them, and went into the town.  ‘Skins! skins! Who will buy skins?’ he cried through the streets.  All the shoemakers and tanners came running to ask him what he wanted for them. ‘A bushel of money for each,’ said Big Klaus.  ‘Are you mad?’ they all exclaimed. ‘Do you think we have money by the bushel?’  ‘Skins! skins! Who will buy skins?’ he cried again, and to all who asked him what they cost, he answered, ‘A bushel of money.’  ‘He is making game of us,’ they said; and the shoemakers seized their yard measures and the tanners their leathern aprons and they gave Big Klaus a good beating. ‘Skins! skins!’ they cried mockingly; yes, we will tan 