. Kriza, i.   _Page 25_. Old men in Hungary are always addressed as "my father," or "my elder brother," and in turn address their juniors as "my son," or "my younger brother." Women are also addressed as "mother," "daughter," "elder sister," or "younger sister." Cf. the "little father," in modern Russian; also _Reynard the Fox in South Africa_, by Dr. Bleek, "The Lion who took a Woman's Shape," p. 50, where the lion calls a woman "my mother" and "my aunt," and she calls him "my uncle."  Fisk, _Myths and Myth-Makers_, pp. 166, 167, Zulu Uthlakanyana meets a cannibal, whom he calls "uncle," and is called "child of my sister." The Yakuts in Siberia call the bear "beloved uncle."  Tylor's _Primitive Culture_, vol. ii. p. 231.  Tylor's _Early History of Mankind_. pp. 130-49; 288-91.  Ibn Batuta, the Moorish traveller, mentions that in his time--about 1347--old men in Cansai, the modern Hangchenfu, were commonly addressed as "Atha," _i. e._ "Father" in Turkish. Cf. _The Travels of Friar Odoric_ (Hakluyt Soc.), iv. p. 288.  _Vide_ Giants in the Introduction to this collection.  The incident of finding the giant occurs in many stories, _e.g._ a Finnish tale relates how some sailors sailing along the coast near Wiborg saw a fire lighted on the shore, and, as they were nearly frozen, landed, and found to their horror a giant laid round it with his feet under his head (cf. Giant in "Fairy Elizabeth," p. 99 of this vol.) The giant awakes and asks where they are from, and hearing that they were from Wiborg, tells them he knows it well, and drinks with great gusto a tun of tar, remarking, "Ah! that's the old Wiborg drink!" Topelius, _Boken om vårt Land. Helsingfors_, 1875, p. 153.  See also a similar tale, "Glosheds Altare," from Bohuslän, _Hofberg_, p. 81. It is commonly reported in Bohuslän and Dal that the giants withdrew to Dovre in Norway, or else to some uninhabited island in the North Sea, and that they most anxiously inquired of any travellers they came across how things were going on in their native land. They are said to have left their homes "when modern mankind began to exist," in the Swedish stories. They often declare it was on account of the continued ringing that they left the land.  In "Ulfgrytstenarna," from Närike, the giant hearing the bells for the first time tells his wife to put a stone in her garter and sling it at the grey cow which is tinkling near Hjelmar, meaning the newly-built church at Örebro. The giantess threw the stone thirteen miles too far. The giant threw and missed, and the bells sounded with wondrous clearness. The giant then seized two enormous rocks, and set off to crush the church; on the way an old man who had set out to stop him, showed him a pile of shoes worn out by his journey from Örebro. The giant threw the rocks down and went home. _Hofberg_, p. 132.  See also the story about the old man and Ragnar Lodbrok, who is said to have delivered Rome from the Norse men, by showing their worn-out iron shoes. Also Gibeonites and Joshua; Joshua, ix. 5.  Giants sometimes built instead of destroying religious houses. See _Afzelius, Svenska Folkets Sagohäfder_, v. p. 31, where the giant Rise is said to have built Riseberg Monastery and given it his own name; also "Skaluda-Jätten," a story from Vestergötland.  For a giant's appetite, _p. 26_, see "Vas Péter," a tale quoted by Kozma, in which Glutton eats 366 fat oxen in six hours, and Drunkard empties 366 casks of wine, each holding one hundred buckets, in the same time.  Big Mouth, in "Hidatsa," an Indian tale, drinks enormous draughts. _Folk-Lore Record_, vol. i. p. 140.  The horse in "Prince Mirkó," p. 65, like the giant in this tale, asks the hero what he sees, and then tells him to shut his eyes, whilst they go on.  _Page 27_. The king's daughter falling in love with one who acts as servant is a common incident in Finnish and Lapp tales. Generally, the hero is one who by wearing a cap on the pretext of having a sore head conceals his beauty, which the king's daughter by chance happens to see when the cap is off.  Cf. "Tuhkamo" from Sodan Kyla in North Finland, _S. ja T._ i. p. 35, where the hero is told to fell all the trees near a bay, and is assisted by his bride. The whip as a mode of summoning assistance is mentioned in "Fisher Joe," _supra_, p. 16.  For difficult tasks vide "Fisher Joe," _supra_, p. 18; "The Three Brothers," p. 153; "The King and the Devil," p. 192; "The Widower and his Daughter," p. 208; "The Girl with the Golden Hair," p. 271.  Cf. also _Malagasy Isùlakòlona_, in _Folk-Lore Journal_, 1884, p. 130.  Also _Verhandlungen der gelehrten Estnischen Gesellschaft zu Dorpat. Zweiter Band, drittes Heft_, p. 76. "Der dankbare Fürstensohn."  Stier, _Ungarische Märchen_, "Das kleine Zauberpferd."--Kletke, _Märchensaal aller Völker_, "Die gläserne Hacke"; "Kojata"; "Der Orangenbaum und die Biene."  _Polnische Volksagen und Märchen_, by Woycicki, translated by Levestam, "Die Flucht."  Hyltén-Cavallius och Steffens. _Svenska Folksagor_. "Hafs-Firum."  _Samlade Smärre Berättelser_, af C. F. Ridderstad, _Linköping_, 1849. "Agnete lille Dei."  Winter, _Danske Folkeventyr_: "Prindsen och Havmanden."  The reader need not be surprised to hear that the simple Magyar peasant uses classical names like Pluto, Furuzsina (Euphrosiné); for until 1848 Latin was the official language, and many of the scientific works were written in it, and so a great many words found their way into the vulgar tongue, such as: penna, calamus, bugyelláris (pugillares), jus, &c.  _Page 32_. The chase after the fugitives is a well-known folk-tale incident. See several instances in this collection. Generally the pursuer is stopped by something thrown down by the pursued. See "The Little Magic Pony," p. 160, and notes _infra_.  In other stories such as the present and "The King and the Devil," p. 193, the pursued change into all manner of wonderful things. Cf. _Grimm_, vol. i. "Fundevogel," p. 202, and "The Two King's Children," vol. ii. p. 113.  In a Portuguese Folk-Tale, "The Daughter of the Witch," F.L.S. 1882, p. 15, the boy becomes a public road, and the girl an old man with a sack on his back; then the boy becomes a hermitage and the girl a hermit; and lastly, when the mother comes, who, as usual, is the keenest witted, the lad becomes a river, and the girl an eel. The mother, as she cannot catch the eel, pronounces the curse of forgetfulness in case any one should kiss the hero, which one of his sisters does, while he sleeps. See also in the same collection, "May you vanish like the wind," p. 20.  In "Fairy Helena," a story quoted by Kozma in his paper read before the Hungarian Academy, the fairy's father blows across a wide river, and at once it is spanned by a golden bridge. The fairy then strikes a rusty table-fork with a _kourbash_, and it at once becomes a golden steed, upon which the lovers flee into Italy. When they discover that they are followed, Helena spits on the floor, the door-latch, and the hinge of the door, and each expectoration speaks, and so deludes the king's messengers, and allows the fugitives more time (Cf. Ralston's _Russian Tales_, p. 142; _Grimm_, i.: "Sweetheart Roland," p. 225, where one change of Roland is to a fiddler, who makes the witch dance till dead.) The king following in the form of a gigantic eagle, the tips of whose wings touch heaven and earth, reminds of such stories as the Lapp "Jaetten og Veslegutten," from Hammerfest, _Friis_. p. 49, where the giant is heard coming like a gust of wind; and in "Jaetten og Drengen hans," from Tanen, _id_. p. 58, where the giant and his wife pursue the lad, as he walks away, with his bag of silver coins.  See also Finnish "Oriiksi muntettu poika," _S. ja. T._ i. 142, and variants there given, in which the devil follows in the form of a storm-cloud.  Wonderful transformations of a like sort occur in Indian stories, _e.g._, "The Phúlmati Rání's arms and legs grew into four houses, her chest became a tank, and her head a house in the middle of the tank; her eyes turned into two little doves; and these five houses, the tank, and the doves, were transported to the jungle. The little doves lived in the house that stood in the middle of the tank. The other houses stood round the tank." Stokes' _Indian Tales_, "Phúlmati Rání," p. 5, and "The Bél Princess," p. 148, where we read, "Then the girl took a knife in her own hand, and cut out her two eyes; and one eye became a parrot, and the other a _mainá_ (a kind of starling). Then she cut out her heart, and it became a great tank. Her body became a splendid palace and garden; her arms and legs became the pillars that supported the verandah roof; and her head the dome on the top of the palace."  _Page 34_. For the curse of oblivion see Panch-Phul Ranee, _Old Deccan Days_, p. 143, where the conjurors throw some powder in the rice and fire, and no sooner did the rajah receive them than he forgot his wife, child, and all that had ever happened to him. In "Chandra's Vengeance," p. 260, forgetfulness is brought about by enchanted drink. Cf. _Grimm_, ii. "The Drummer," p. 338.  In the romance of _Ogier le Danois_, Morgue la Faye, who had kissed Ogier at his birth, but had been forgotten by him, meets him when he is a hundred years old, and by means of a ring restores him to youth and beauty. When Ogier drew near to the castle of Avalon he was met by singing fays, and a glorious crown placed on his head, whereupon he instantly forgot all the past, and had no thought "ni de la dame Clarice, qui tant estoit belle et noble ... ne de creature vivante." See Keightley's _Fairy Mythology, Bohn's Library_, p. 48.  The Irish tale of "Grey Norris" from Warland, tells how a little dog jumps up and kisses the hero, and at once he forgets the poor princess who waits outside. _Folk-Lore Journal_, 1883, p. 323.  The Polish tale "Prince Unexpected," contains a similar incident. _Id_. 1884, p. 16.     