. Kriza, iv.   The story of the mannikin who is clever at spinning or weaving is widespread. Thus, in a rubric of the "Catalan" map of the world, in the National Library at Paris, the date of which map has been fixed at A.D. 1375, we read, "Here [N.W. of Catayo] grow little men who are but five palms in length; and though they be little, and not fit for weighty matters, yet they be brave and _clever at weaving_, and at keeping cattle...." (Col. Yule's translation in _Cathay, and the Way Thither_.)  A Swedish story tells how a young newly-married girl is terribly upset by the constant calls of household work; and one morning, in despair at the many things to be done, she shut herself in the room, and, throwing herself on the couch, wept bitterly, saying, "Oh, unhappy me! Is there no one to help me, or comfort a poor woman?" "I can," said a voice; and lo! there was the old man of Hoberg, a good sprite, who had been a friend to the family for generations.  "You bewail your slave life," said the old man, "but that comes from your want of practice in real work. I will give you ten obedient servants who will faithfully assist you in all your doings." Just then he shook his coat, and ten droll little creatures sprang out, and began to put the room in order. "Stretch forth your hands to me," said the old man. Elsa tremblingly put out her hands to the old man, who said--      "Tummetott, Hjertehand     Slikepott, Lille Per Roligman."     Långestång,[16]   "Be quick and take your places!" In a moment the ministering spirits disappeared into Elsa's fingers, and the old man vanished.  The young wife sat staring at her hands for a time, but soon felt a strange desire to work.  "Here am I sitting dreaming," said she, with unwonted cheerfulness, "and it's already seven o'clock. Everyone is waiting for me," she continued; and, hurrying out, she began her work. From that time she was the model housewife of the district; see _Hofberg_, p. 58. "De tio tjenstandarna," from Småland.[17]  Cf. the mannikin called "Panczimanczi," in Lad. Arany's "_Eredeti Népmesék_," p. 277. His height is half an ell, his moustache two ells, his beard three ells long. He is seen leaping merrily over a fire, and heard singing the following: "I am Panczimanczi; no one knows my name; I roast, I cook, I boil; the day after to-morrow I shall fetch my pretty bride home."  In Kriza's tale his name is Dancing Vargaluska. "How the name is held to be part of the very being of the man who bears it, so that by it his personality may be carried away, and, so to speak, grafted elsewhere, appears in the way in which the sorcerer uses it as a means of putting the life of his victim into the image upon which he practises;" _e.g._ the widespread making of wax images to represent certain persons, and then melting them, that the persons named may waste away. Magyar peasants say, that hair combings must not be thrown away, lest the birds get them, and build them in their nests; for whilst they are doing so, you will have headache; and again, if a young girl wishes to compel a young man to marry her she must steal something from the young man, and take it to a witch, who adds to it three beans, three bulbs of garlic, a few pieces of dry coal, and a dead frog. These are all put into an earthenware pot, and placed under the threshold, with the words, "Lord of the infernal regions and of the devils, and possessor of the hidden treasure, give to N. or M. some incurable illness (or inflame him with unquenchable love for N. or M.), and I will join you."  See also "The two Orphans," where the witch's daughter steals a lock of the queen's hair, p. 222. Cf. the Finnish method of curing "knarr" (German "Knirrband"), a complaint that is common at harvest-time among those who are not used to the reaping-hook. Amongst its symptoms are curious crackings of the wrist. The sick one asks someone who is well "to chop his knarr" for him, which is done as follows. The patient lays his sick hand upon a chopping block, and three pieces of three-jointed straw are so laid, side by side, as to correspond joint for joint. The "doctor" then takes an axe, and chops with all his strength into the block through the first joint. "What are you chopping?" asks the sick one. "I'm chopping the 'knarr' out of your joint into the wood." The same question and answer is repeated after second blow; after the last blow the chopper cries "Now he's gone!" In North Germany the ceremony is performed on the threshold, and ends with the sign of the cross. Cf. _Finnish Folk-Lore_ in "_Notes and Queries_," 6th S. xi. p. 23. Also, _Suomen Muinaismuisto-Yhdistyksen Aikakauskirja_, v. p. 103.  Algerian peasants have a great objection to their portraits being taken; and Holderness folks rub warts with stolen beef, &c., and let it rot, saying the warts will disappear with the decaying of the meat, &c., &c. "A similar train of thought shows itself in the belief that the utterance of the name of a deity gives to man a means of direct communication with the being who owns it, or even places in his hands the supernatural power of that being, to be used at his will." Tylor's _Early History of Mankind_, pp. 124, 129, and Lubbock's _Origin of Civilisation_, p. 245.  Cf. Swedish "Jätten Finn och Lunds domkyrka." _Hofberg_, p. 12. The giant promises to build a church for the white Christ if Laurentius can find out his name, and if not he must forfeit his eyes--      "Helt visst     Är hvite krist     En gud, som sitt temple är värdig.     Jag bygger det jag, om du säger mig blott     Hvad namn jag fått,     Se'n kyrkan är murad och färdig.     Men kan du ej säga mitt namn, välan,     Du vise man!     Gif akt på hvad vite jag sätter:     Då måste du ge mig åt mina små     De facklor två,     Som vandra på himmelens slätter."[18]   Laurentius found out that the giant's name was "Finn" by hearing the giantess hush her crying child.  Similar tales are told of many churches. _E.g._ Drontheim Cathedral, where the giant is called "Skalle"; see Sjöborg, _Collections_, Part ii. p. 182. Of Eskilssäter's Church, where the giant's name was "Kinn," see Fernow, _Verml. Beskr_, i. p. 318.  Also of a church in Norrland, where St. Olaf found out the troll's name, "Wind and Weather," see _Iduna_, vol. iii. p. 60; and about Kallundborgs Church, in Själland, cf. Thiele, _Danske Folkesagn_, i. p. 43.  _Tales from the Land of Hofer_, "The Wild Jäger and the Baroness"; secret name, "Buzinigala," p. 110.  In the _Land of Marvels_, Vernaleken, "Winterkolble," p. 24; and "Kruzimügeli," p. 28.  _Grimm_. vol. i. "Rumpelstiltskin," pp. 221, 412.[19]  The tale appears to be confused towards the end, the three deformed beggars being the three aunts of the Norse; see _Dasent_, p. 222. The ordinary story has no dwarf or secret name in it; cf. Spanish tale of "Guardian Spirits," in _Caballero_, p. 64.  Also, _Patrañas_, "What Anna saw in the Sunbeam," p. 193.  And in _Portuguese Folk-Tales_. "The Aunts." _Folk-Lore Soc_. p. 79.  On the other hand, in the Swedish story from Upland the girl who could spin gold from clay and long straw was helped by a dwarf whose name turned out to be "Titteli Ture!". See Thorpe's _Yule Tales_, p. 168.  See also, _Grimm_, ii. p. 163, "The Lazy Spinner," in which the woman by her wit contrives to evade her spinning; notes, p. 428. The Finnish story of "The Old Woman's Loom," from Korpo, is almost identical with Grimm's.     