. Kriza x.   Cf. Halliwell, _Nursery Rhymes:_ "Sir Gammer Vans," p. 147.  _Grimm_, vol. ii., "The story of Schlauraffen land," p. 229; "No-beard and the Boy," p. 518; "The Turnip," p. 213, and notes, pp. 413, 442, 452.  _Vernaleken_, "The King does not believe Everything," p. 241.  Caballero, _Fairy Tales_, "A tale of Taradiddles," p. 80.  Denton, _Serbian Folk-Lore_, "Lying for a Wager," p. 107.  Stokes, _Indian Fairy Tales_, Nos. 4, 8, and 17.  Ralston, _Russian Folk-Tales_, p. 295.  Mr. Quigstad has kindly sent the following Lapp variants collected at Lyngen. There was once a pot so large that when cooking was going on at one end, little boys were skating at the other. One of the men to whom the pot belonged set to work to make his comrade a pair of shoes, and used up seven ox-hides on the job. One of them got a bit of dust in his eye, and the other sought for it with an anchor, and found during his search a three-masted ship, which was so large that a little boy who went aloft was a white-haired old man when he got back again. There were seven parishes in that ship!  "Lügenmärchen" are common in Finland, and generally turn on a big fish, or a big turnip, and a big kettle to boil it in, giant potatoes, huge mushrooms, and so on. A schoolboy's story in Newcastle-on-Tyne relates how one man told his comrade of a remarkable dream he had had of an enormous turnip; whereat his comrade replied he had dreamt about an enormous kettle which was to boil the turnip in.  The other day a Boston friend told the writer a Lincolnshire story of a man who grew such splendid turnips that there were only three in a ten-acre field, and one grew so big it pushed the other two out. This man had a mate who made such a big kettle, that the man at one side could not hear the rivetting at the other! I am told by my friend Prof. Gittée that similar tales are current in Flanders.  Another north country yarn tells of a naked blind man going out to shoot, and seeing six crows, he shot them, and put them in his pocket.  _Page 88._ The river Olt rises in Transylvania, and flows into the Danube in Wallachia, in which country it is called the Aluta.     