, sat on the throne.  Now it was Puck who led the fairies as the great peacemaker. He went first to visit all the most ancient creatures, in order to find out who should be offered the post of honor, as ambassador, who should be sent to the great king in London, Henry Tudor, to see what could be done for Wales.  First he called on the male eagle, oldest of all birds. Though not bald-headed, like his American cousin, the Welsh eagle was very old, and at that time a widower. Although he had been father to nine generations of eaglets, he sent Puck to the stag.  This splendid creature, with magnificent antlers, lived at the edge of the forest, near the trunk of an oak tree. It was still standing, but was now a mere shell. Old men said that the children of the aborigines played under it, and here was the home of the god of lightning, which they worshiped.  So to the withered oak, Puck went, and offered him the honor of leadership to an embassy to the King.  But the stag answered and said:  "Well do I remember when an acorn fell from the top of the parent oak. Then, for three hundred years it was growing. Children played under it. They gathered acorns in their aprons, and the archers made bows from its boughs.  "Then the oak tree began to die, and, during nearly thirty tens of years it has been fading, and I have seen it all.  "Yet there is one older than I. It is the salmon that swims in the Llyn stream. Inquire there."  So of the old mother salmon, Puck went to ask, and this was the answer which he received.  "Count all the spots on my body, and all the eggs in my roe--one for each year. Yet the blackbird is older even than I. Go listen to her story. She excels me, in both talk and fact."  And the blackbird opened its orange-colored bill, and answered proudly:  "Do you see this flinty rock, on which I am sitting? Once it was so huge that three hundred yoke of oxen could hardly move it. Yet, today, it hardly more than affords me room to roost on.  "What made it so small, do you ask?  "Well, all I have clone to wear it away, has been to wipe my beak on it, every night, before I go to sleep, and in the morning to brush it with the tips of my wing."  Even Puck, fairy though he was, was astonished at this. But the blackbird added:  "Go to the toad, that blinks its eye under the big rock yonder. His age is greater than mine."  The toad was half asleep when Puck came, but it opened with alertness, its beautiful round bright eyes, set in a rim of gold. Then Puck asked the question: "Oh, thou that carriest a jewel in thy head, are there any things alive that are older than thou art?"  "That, I could not be sure of, especially if as many false things are told about them, as are told about me; but when I was a tadpole in the pond, that old hag of an owl was still hooting away, in the treetops, scaring children, as in ages gone. She is older than I. Go and see her. If age makes wise, she is the wisest of all."  Puck went into the forest, but at first saw no bird answering to the description given him.  He said to himself, "She is, I wonder, who?"  He was surprised to hear his question repeated, not as an echo, but by another. Still, he thought it might possibly be his own voice come back.  So, in making a catalogue, in his note book, of what he had seen and heard that day, he put down, "To wit--one echo."  Again came the sound:  "To whit--to who, to whit--to who?" Sounded the voice.  Thinking that this was intended to be a polite question, Puck looked up. Sure enough, there was the wise bird sitting on a bough, above him, as sober as a judge.  "Who! did you ask?" answered Puck and then went on to explain:  "I am Lord of the Fairies in Welshery, and I seek to know which is the most venerable, of all the creatures in the Land of the Red Dragon.  "I am ready to salute you, as the most ancient and honorable of all living things in the Cymric realm. You are desired to bear a message to the Great King, in London."  Tickled by such delicate flattery, and the honors proffered her, this lady owl, after much blinking and winking, flirting, and fluttering, at last agreed to go to King Henry 