 the arm. I have only just heard of your brave act, and not being able to wait till the morning I came at once to ask you to show it to me.”  Watanabe was very troubled at the old woman’s pleading, but he still persisted in refusing. Then the old woman said:  “Do you suspect me of being a spy sent by the ogre?”  “No, of course I do not suspect you of being the ogre’s spy, for you are my old nurse,” answered Watanabe.  “Then you cannot surely refuse to show me the arm any longer.” entreated the old woman; “for it is the great wish of my heart to see for once in my life the arm of an ogre!”  Watanabe could not hold out in his refusal any longer, so he gave in at last, saying:  “Then I will show you the ogre’s arm, since you so earnestly wish to see it. Come, follow me!” and he led the way to his own room, the old woman following.  When they were both in the room Watanabe shut the door carefully, and then going towards a big box which stood in a corner of the room, he took off the heavy lid. He then called to the old woman to come near and look in, for he never took the arm out of the box.  “What is it like? Let me have a good look at it,” said the old nurse, with a joyful face.  She came nearer and nearer, as if she were afraid, till she stood right against the box. Suddenly she plunged her hand into the box and seized the arm, crying with a fearful voice which made the room shake:  “Oh, joy! I have got my arm back again!”  And from an old woman she was suddenly transformed into the towering figure of the frightful ogre!  Watanabe sprang back and was unable to move for a moment, so great was his astonishment; but recognizing the ogre who had attacked him at the Gate of Rashomon, he determined with his usual courage to put an end to him this time. He seized his sword, drew it out of its sheath in a flash, and tried to cut the ogre down.  So quick was Watanabe that the creature had a narrow escape. But the ogre sprang up to the ceiling, and bursting through the roof, disappeared in the mist and clouds.  In this way the ogre escaped with his arm. The knight gnashed his teeth with disappointment, but that was all he could do. He waited in patience for another opportunity to dispatch the ogre. But the latter was afraid of Watanabe’s great strength and daring, and never troubled Kyoto again. So once more the people of the city were able to go out without fear even at night time, and the brave deeds of Watanabe have never been forgotten!     