 KOUMONGOÉ_   Far away, in a very hot country, there once lived a man and woman who had two children, a son named Koané and a daughter called Thakané.  Early in the morning and late in the evenings the parents worked hard in the fields, resting, when the sun was high, under the shade of some tree. While they were absent the little girl kept house alone, for her brother always got up before the dawn, when the air was fresh and cool, and drove out the cattle to the sweetest patches of grass he could find.  One day, when Koané had slept later than usual, his father and mother went to their work before him, and there was only Thakané to be seen busy making the bread for supper.  'Thakané,' he said, 'I am thirsty. Give me a drink from the tree Koumongoé, which has the best milk in the world.'  'Oh, Koané,' cried his sister, 'you know that we are forbidden to touch that tree. What would father say when he came home? For he would be sure to know.'  'Nonsense,' replied Koané, 'there is so much milk in Koumongoé that he will never miss a little. If you won't give it to me, I sha'n't take the cattle out. They will just have to stay all day in the hut, and you know that they will starve.' And he turned from her in a rage, and sat down in the corner.  After a while Thakané said to him: 'It is getting hot, had you not better drive out the cattle now?'  But Koané only answered sulkily: 'I told you I am not going to drive them out at all. If I have to do without milk, they shall do without grass.'  Thakané did not know what to do. She was afraid to disobey her parents, who would most likely beat her, yet the beasts would be sure to suffer if they were kept in, and she would perhaps be beaten for that too. So at last she took an axe and a tiny earthen bowl, she cut a very small hole in the side of Koumongoé, and out gushed enough milk to fill the bowl.  'Here is the milk you wanted,' said she, going up to Koané, who was still sulking in his corner.  'What is the use of that?' grumbled Koané; 'why, there is not enough to drown a fly. Go and get me three times as much!'  Trembling with fright, Thakané returned to the tree, and struck it a sharp blow with the axe. In an instant there poured forth such a stream of milk that it ran like a river into the hut.  'Koané! Koané!' cried she, 'come and help me to plug up the hole. There will be no milk left for our father and mother.' But Koané could not stop it any more than Thakané, and soon the milk was flowing through the hut downhill towards their parents in the fields below.  The man saw the white stream a long way off, and guessed what had happened.  'Wife, wife,' he called loudly to the woman, who was working at a little distance: 'Do you see Koumongoé running fast down the hill? That is some mischief of the children's, I am sure. I must go home and find out what is the matter.' And they both threw down their hoes and hurried to the side of Koumongoé.  Kneeling on the grass, the man and his wife made a cup of their hands and drank the milk from it. And no sooner had they done this, than Koumongoé flowed back again up the hill, and entered the hut.  'Thakané,' said the parents, severely, when they reached home panting from the heat of the sun, 'what have you been doing? Why did Koumongoé come to us in the fields instead of staying in the garden?'  'It was Koané's fault,' answered Thakané. 'He would not take the cattle to feed until he drank some of the milk from Koumongoé. So, as I did not know what else to do, I gave it to him.'  The father listened to Thakané's words, but made no answer. Instead, he went outside and brought in two sheepskins, which he stained red and sent for a blacksmith to forge some iron rings. The rings were then passed over Thakané's arms and legs and neck, and the skins fastened on her before and behind. When all was ready, the man sent for his servants and said:  'I am going to get rid of Thakané.'  'Get rid of your only daughter?' they answered, in surprise. 'But why?'  'Because she has eaten what she ought not to have eaten. She has touched the sacred tree which belongs to her mother and me alone.' And, turning his back, he called to Thakané to follow him, and they went down the road which led to the dwelling of an ogre.  They were passing along some fields where the corn was ripening, when a rabbit suddenly sprang out at their feet, and standing on its hind legs, it sang:      Why do you give to the ogre     Your child, so fair, so fair?  'You had better ask her,' replied the man, 'she is old enough to give you an answer.'  Then, in her turn, Thakané sang:      I gave Koumongoé to Koané,     Koumongoé to the keeper of beasts;     For without Koumongoé they could not go to the meadows:     Without Koumongoé they would starve in the hut;     That was why I gave him the Koumongoé of my father.  And when the rabbit heard that, he cried: 'Wretched man! it is you whom the ogre should eat, and not your beautiful daughter.'    [Illustration: '