?']  But the father paid no heed to what the rabbit said, and only walked on the faster, bidding Thakané to keep close behind him. By-and-by they met with a troop of great deer, called elands, and they stopped when they saw Thakané and sang:      Why do you give to the ogre     Your child, so fair, so fair?  'You had better ask her,' replied the man, 'she is old enough to give you an answer.'  Then, in her turn, Thakané sang:      I gave Koumongoé to Koané,     Koumongoé to the keeper of beasts;     For without Koumongoé they could not go to the meadows:     Without Koumongoé they would starve in the hut;     That was why I gave him the Koumongoé of my father.  And the elands all cried: 'Wretched man! it is you whom the ogre should eat, and not your beautiful daughter.'  By this time it was nearly dark, and the father said they could travel no further that night, and must go to sleep where they were. Thakané was thankful indeed when she heard this, for she was very tired, and found the two skins fastened round her almost too heavy to carry. So, in spite of her dread of the ogre, she slept till dawn, when her father woke her, and told her roughly that he was ready to continue their journey.  Crossing the plain, the girl and her father passed a herd of gazelles feeding. They lifted their heads, wondering who was out so early, and when they caught sight of Thakané, they sang:      Why do you give to the ogre     Your child, so fair, so fair?  'You had better ask her,' replied the man, 'she is old enough to answer for herself.'  Then, in her turn, Thakané sang:      I gave Koumongoé to Koané,     Koumongoé to the keeper of beasts;     For without Koumongoé they could not go to the meadows:     Without Koumongoé they would starve in the hut;     That was why I gave him the Koumongoé of my father.  And the gazelles all cried: 'Wretched man! it is you whom the ogre should eat, and not your beautiful daughter.'  At last they arrived at the village where the ogre lived, and they went straight to his hut. He was nowhere to be seen, but in his place was his son Masilo, who was not an ogre at all, but a very polite young man. He ordered his servants to bring a pile of skins for Thakané to sit on, but told her father he must sit on the ground. Then, catching sight of the girl's face, which she had kept bent down, he was struck by its beauty, and put the same question that the rabbit, and the elands, and the gazelles had done.  Thakané answered him as before, and he instantly commanded that she should be taken to the hut of his mother, and placed under her care, while the man should be led to his father. Directly the ogre saw him he bade the servant throw him into the great pot which always stood ready on the fire, and in five minutes he was done to a turn. After that the servant returned to Masilo and related all that had happened.  Now Masilo had fallen in love with Thakané the moment he saw her. At first he did not know what to make of this strange feeling, for all his life he had hated women, and had refused several brides whom his parents had chosen for him. However, they were so anxious that he should marry, that they willingly accepted Thakané as their daughter-in-law, though she did not bring any marriage portion with her.  After some time a baby was born to her, and Thakané thought it was the most beautiful baby that ever was seen. But when her mother-in-law saw it was a girl, she wrung her hands and wept, saying:  'O miserable mother! Miserable child! Alas for you! why were you not a boy!'  Thakané, in great surprise, asked the meaning of her distress; and the old woman told her that it was the custom in that country that all the girls who were born should be given to the ogre to eat.  Then Thakané clasped the baby tightly in her arms, and cried:  'But it is not the custom in _my_ country! There, when children die, they are buried in the earth. No one shall take my baby from me.'  That night, when everyone in the hut was asleep, Thakané rose, and carrying her baby on her back, went down to a place where the river spread itself out into a large lake, with tall willows all round the bank. Here, hidden from everyone, she sat down on a stone and began to think what she should do to save her child.  Suddenly she heard a rustling among the willows, and an old woman appeared before her.  'What are you crying for, my dear?' said she.  And Thakané answered: 'I was crying for my baby--I cannot hide her for ever, and if the ogre sees her, he will eat her; and I would rather she was drowned than that.'  'What you say is true,' replied the old woman. 'Give me your child, and let me take care of it. And if you will fix a day to meet me here I will bring the baby.'  Then Thakané dried her eyes, and gladly accepted the old woman's offer. When she got home she told her husband she had thrown it in the river, and as he had watched her go in that direction he never thought of doubting what she said.  On the appointed day, Thakané slipped out when everybody was busy, and ran down the path that led to the lake. As soon as she got there, she crouched down among the willows, and sang softly:      Bring to me Dilah, Dilah the rejected one,     Dilah, whom her father Masilo cast out!  And in a moment the old woman appeared holding the baby in her arms. Dilah had become so big and strong, that Thakané's heart was filled with joy and gratitude, and she stayed as long as she dared, playing with her baby. At last she felt she must return to the village, lest she should be missed, and the child was handed back to the old woman, who vanished with her into the lake.  Children grow up very quickly when they live under water, and in less time than anyone could suppose, Dilah had changed from a baby to a woman. Her mother came to visit her whenever she was able, and one day, when they were sitting talking together, they were spied out by a man who had come to cut willows to weave into baskets. He was so surprised to see how like the face of the girl was to Masilo, that he left his work and returned to the village.  'Masilo,' he said, as he entered the hut, 'I have just beheld your wife near the river with a girl who must be your daughter, she is so like you. We have been deceived, for we all thought she was dead.'  When he heard this, Masilo tried to look shocked because his wife had broken the law; but in his heart he was very glad.  'But what shall we do now?' asked he.  'Make sure for yourself that I am speaking the truth by hiding among the bushes the first time Thakané says she is going to bathe in the river, and waiting till the girl appears.'  For some days Thakané stayed quietly at home, and her husband began to think that the man had been mistaken; but at last she said to her husband: 'I am going to bathe in the river.'    [Illustration: '