" (_p._ 118).]  "Ah!" she said to it, cuddling it up in her arms; "do you want to be my little girl? You don't speak--oh! but that is because you are too young--but I see you would like to. Very well, then; I will be your mother, and I shall love you and never whip you. You must be good, though, and then I shall never scold you. Oh! but if you are not good--you know, I've got a birch rod. Now, come, I'm going to dress you better: you look dreadful in that frock." Hereupon Yvette rolled her child up in her pinafore, so that there was nothing to be seen of the stone but what was supposed to be the baby's head.  "Oh! how pretty she is, dear little thing. There, now, she shall have something to eat. Ah! you are crying--but you must not cry, my pretty one--there, there." And the hard stone was rocked gently in the soft little arms of its fond mother.  "Bye-bye, baby--bye-bye-bye." Yvette sang with all her might, tapping her little daughter's back energetically, but evidently all to no purpose, for the stone refused to go to sleep. "Ah! naughty girl; you won't go to sleep? Oh no, I won't tell you any more stories. I have told you Tom Thumb, and that's quite enough for to-night. Go to sleep--quick--quick, I say. Oh, dear, dear, naughty child--I've got a knife--what! you are crying again! If you only knew how ugly you are when you cry! There! now I'm going to slap you--take that, and that, and that, to make you quiet. Oh dear, how dreadful it is to have such a child. I believe I'll change you, and have a boy. Now, just say you are sorry for being so naughty----What! you won't? I'll give you another chance. Now--one--two--three. Oh, very well. I know what I shall do. I shall just go and take you back. I shall say: 'If you please, I've got a dreadful little girl, and I want to change her for a nice little boy, named Eugene.' And then they'll say: 'Yes, ma'am; will you have him with light hair or dark?' 'Oh,' I shall say, 'I don't mind, as long as he is good.' 'He'll be very dear, though, ma'am,' they'll say; 'good little boys are very rare, and they cost a great deal.' 'How much?' I shall ask. 'Why, one penny, ma'am.' And then I shall think about it----Now, then, are you going to be good, and say you are sorry? No? Oh! very well--it's too late now--I've changed you. I have no little girl now, but a very pretty little boy, named Zizi."  [Illustration: "