" (_p._ 120).]  The stone immediately underwent a complete transformation. Just now, when it was a little girl, it had been very quiet and gentle, and had kept quite still on Yvette's lap. Now that it was a boy there was no more peace: it would jump about, and it would try to get away, for boys are always so restless.  "Zizi, will you be still, and will you stay on my lap instead of tumbling about in the road? There, let me lift you up! Oh, dear! how heavy boys are. There, now, don't you stir, but just eat your bread and milk. It will make you grow, and then when you are big you'll have beautiful grey whiskers, like father. You shall have a sword, too, and perhaps you shall be a policeman. It's very nice to be a policeman, you know, because they are never put in prison--they take other people there if the people make a noise in the street. Oh, Zizi, do keep still. If you don't, I'll call the wolf--you know, the big wolf that runs off with little children and takes them into the woods to eat them up. Wolf, wolf, where are you?"  Just at that moment a dog appeared--a large, well-fed, happy-looking dog, impudent too, and full of fun. He belonged to a carrier who was always moving about from place to place, and the dog, accustomed as he was to these constant journeys, had got rather familiar, like certain commercial travellers, who, no matter where they are, always make themselves quite at home.  Now, the dog had got tired of following his master's cart, and when he saw something in the distance which was moving about, he bounded off to discover what it was. This something was Yvette and her little boy.  "Look, look!" exclaimed the small mother, and there was a tremor in her voice. "You see, he is coming--the big wolf!"  He _was_ coming, there was no doubt about that, for he was tearing along, and his tongue was hanging out and his ears were pricked up.  The little stone boy was not at all frightened, but Yvette began to regret having called the dreadful animal. Oh! if she could only get away now; but, alas! she did not dare to move or even to speak.  [Illustration: "