 was once a man and his wife who were very, very poor, and had a great many children. Each year added one to the number. One day the wife gave birth to a beautiful boy, who, on opening his eyes, cried:  "Dearest mother, give me some of my brother's old clothes, and food for two days, and I will go into the world and seek my fortune, for I see you have enough children here without me."  "Heaven forbid, my child!" exclaimed the mother. "You are much too young to leave the house."  But the little one insisted; so at length his mother gave him some clothes and some food, and he departed, full of joy. Lillekort (for so he named himself) travelled towards the east. Presently he met an old, one-eyed woman, and took away her eye.  "Alas!" she cried, "I can no longer see. What will become of me?"  "What will you give me for your eye?" asked Lillekort.  "A sword that will slay a whole army, no matter how numerous."  "So be it."  Lillekort took the sword and continued his journey. A little farther on he met another old, one-eyed woman, took away her eye, and asked what she would give him for returning it.  The old woman said she would give him a ship that would sail over land and sea, over mountains and valleys, and on his agreeing, she gave him a little ship so small and light that he could carry it about in his pocket.  As soon as he was quite alone Lillekort stopped to examine his little vessel. He drew it from his pocket and put one foot in it. Immediately it grew larger. He put in the second foot. It grew yet larger. He sat down in it. It increased yet more. Then he said:  "Go over the waves of the ocean, over mountains and through valleys, until you reach the palace of the King."  The ship immediately sped through space with the rapidity of a bird, and stopped in front of a magnificent palace. From one of the windows of this palace several persons beheld, with astonishment and interest, this boy who travelled in a manner so strange, and they hastened out to obtain a nearer view of the wonder. But Lillekort had already put his ship in his pocket. They asked who he was and whence he came. To these different questions he knew not how to reply; but in a firm voice said he wished to enter the service of the King, no matter in what capacity; if need be, as a servant of the servants.  His humble request was granted. He was ordered to fetch wood and water for the kitchen. Arriving at the palace he saw with surprise that all the walls were hung with black, both without and within.  "Wherefore," he asked the cook, "this appearance of mourning?"  "Alas!" she replied, "the only daughter of our King has been promised to three trolls, enormous ogres, and Thursday next the first comes to claim her. A knight, whose name is Rend, has undertaken to defend her. But how should he succeed? In the meantime we are all plunged in anguish and affliction."  Thursday evening Rend led the Princess to the sea-shore. It was here he had to defend her. But he was not very brave, so instead of waiting near her he climbed a tree and hid among the branches. In vain the Princess begged him to assist her.  "No, no," said he; "why two victims? One is sufficient."  At that moment Lillekort asked the cook's permission to go to the sea-shore.  "Go," said she, "but be sure you return by the time I prepare supper, and do not forget to bring me a good load of wood."  Lillekort promised, and ran toward the beach. At the same time the troll appeared, making a noise like thunder. His body was of enormous dimensions and he had five frightful heads.  "Madman!" he cried, on seeing the little kitchen-boy.  "Madman!" repeated Lillekort.  "Do you know how to fight?"  "If I do not know I will learn."  The troll then threw a bar of iron at Lillekort, which, falling on the ground, raised a pile of sand and dust.  "A beautiful tower of strength," cried Lillekort. "Now, see mine."  With these words he drew his sword, and with one blow smote off the monster's five heads.  Finding herself delivered, the Princess began to dance and sing gaily, then she said to the young boy: "Rest, lay your head on my knees."  Whilst he thus rested she placed on him a suit of golden armour.  All danger being over, Rend came down from the tree, took the tongues and lungs of the monster, and then told the Princess he would kill her unless she promised to acknowledge him publicly as her deliverer. She yielded to his threats, and he returned with her in triumph to the palace. The King loaded him with honours, and at supper seated him at his right hand. Meanwhile, Lillekort entered the giant's ship, and brought from thence a quantity of gold and silver trinkets.  "From whence all these riches?" asked the cook anxiously, for she feared he had stolen them.  "Reassure yourself," he replied. "I went home for a moment; these trinkets fell from an old piece of furniture, so I brought them back for you."  "What beautiful things! A thousand thanks!"  [Illustration: "