 try to recall from my recollections of yesterday, still vividly remembered, and from those of the long past, grown tenderly dim in the mists of intervening time, from whom I learned the powerfully moral story I am here going to repeat to children great and small, to men and their companions: I cannot determine from whom it was I learned it.  Did I first read it in some old book laden with the dust of ages? Was it told to me by my mother, by my nurse, one evening when I would not go to sleep--or one night when, sleeping soundly, a fairy came and sang it to me in my slumber? I cannot tell. I cannot remember. I have forgotten all the details, of which there only remains with me the subtle perfume--too fine and evanescent for me to seize it in its passage through my mind. But I retain--perfectly retain--the moral, which is the daughter of all things healthy and strong.  The things which I am going to recount happened in a charming country--one of those bright lands which we see only in delightful dreams, where the men are all good and the women all as amiable as they are beautiful.  In that happy country there lived a great nobleman who, left a widower early in life, had an only daughter whom he loved more than anything in the whole world.  Rosebelle was seventeen years old--a pure marvel of grace and beauty; gay as a joyous heart, good as a happy one. For ten leagues round she was known to be the most beautiful and best. She was simple and gentle, and her exquisite ingenuousness caused her everywhere--in the mansion and the cottage--to be beloved.  Her father, fearful lest the least of the distresses of our poor existence should overtake her, watched over her with jealous care, so that no harm should come to her; while she passed her days in calmly thinking of the time before her, sure that it would not be other than delightful.  When she was eighteen, her father consented to her being betrothed to the son of a Prince--to Greatheart, a handsome youth, who had been carefully reared, and detested the false excitements and factitious pleasures of cities loving enthusiastically the fresh charms of Nature--of the common mother who claims us all, the Earth.  Rosebelle loved her _fiancé_, married, and adored him.  With him she went to live in the admirable calm of the country, in the midst of great trees that gave back the plaint of winds, by a river with its ever-flowing song, winding under willowy banks, and overshadowed by tall poplars.  She lived in a very old, old castle, where the sires of her husband had been born--a great castle reached by roads hewn out of the solid rock; a great castle, with immense, cold halls, where echo answered echo mysteriously; where the night-owl drearily replied to the early thrush's song to the rising sun, and the other awakened birds singing and chirping on the borders of the deep woods, where the sun enters timidly--almost with the hesitation of a trespasser.  When the time for parting came, her father had said to her, through his tears:  "You are going from me--your happiness claims that I should let you go: go, therefore, but take all care of yourself for love of me, who have only you in the world to love."  To his son-in-law he said:  "Watch over her, I intrust her to you. Surround her with a thousand safeguards; screen her from the least chance of harm or pain. Remember that even in stooping to pluck a flower she may fall and wound herself, that in gathering a fruit she may tear her hand. See that all is done for her that can be done, keep her for me ever beautiful."  Absorbed in her love for her husband, Rosebelle realised the sweet dreams of her young girlhood. Then she dreamed--languorously--Heaven knows what! The delightful future which she had seen in the visions of the past was still present with her, however.  Her husband, tender and good, wished that she should do nothing but live and love. He had surrounded her with numerous servants, all ready to obey the least of her desires, the slightest of her fancies, to comprehend the most trivial of her wants. She had nothing to do but to let time glide slowly by her.  At length she wearied--languished mysteriously.  Her father, to whom she communicated this strange experience, was astounded. He reminded her of all the sources of happiness which ought to have existed in her case. He took her in his arms and said all he could think of in laudation of the husband who so greatly loved her; gave her innumerable reasons why her happiness ought to have been unparalleled; offered money--more money--wishful to give all the felicities in the world.  She wished for nothing of all that; it only tired, enervated her.  He besought her to be happy; she replied:  "I wish I could be so, for your sake and for that of my husband, whom I love so dearly."  And she struggled against the strange evil which so weighed upon her, against the deadly _ennui_ that was sapping her young life. But the mysterious ill which tormented her soul grew and grew until it became overwhelming.  Greatheart speedily detected her distress, and sought to discover its cause, but ineffectually; and from alarm he passed into despair.  [Illustration: "