" (_p._ 236).]  "Here they are," said Said. "I determined not to part with them while I had life to defend them."  "By the beard of the Prophet, this is my ring, Grand Vizier--our deliverer stands before us!"  Said was overcome by finding in whose presence he was, and flung himself at the Caliph's feet. But Haroun raised him, and overwhelmed him with praise and thanks. Nothing would do but that Said must return with them to the palace, where they would conceive some plan to bring the merchant Kalum to book. On the next day Kalum himself begged for admittance to the presence of Haroun. A dispute had arisen between himself and a man of Balsora, and he asked for judgment.  "I will hear him," said the Caliph. "Said," turning to the youth as the servant left the room, "this is no other than your father. Do you hide behind that curtain, and you, Grand Vizier, fetch the magistrate who condemned Said."  In a short time Kalum entered, accompanied by Benezar, and, after the Caliph had mounted his throne, began his complaint.  "I was standing at my door a few days ago, when this man Benezar came down the street, offering a purse of gold for news of Said. I at once claimed the money, and told him how his son, for so I found him to be, had suffered the penalty for stealing a purse from me. Then the madman demanded his money back, and wanted to make me responsible for his rascal of a son."  "Bring the magistrate who condemned the youth," commanded Haroun. He was produced as if by magic. After much questioning, the justice confessed that no witness had been brought forward except the purse.  "Why," shouted the Grand Vizier, "that is my purse, you scoundrel; and I gave it to the gallant youth who saved me."  "Then," thundered the Caliph, "you swore falsely, Kalum Bek. What was done to Said?"  "I sent him to a desert island," stammered the magistrate.  "Oh, Said, my son, my son!" wept the unhappy father.  "Stand forth, Said," said the Caliph.  Confronted by this apparition, Kalum and the justice flung themselves on their knees, crying, "Mercy! mercy!"  "Did you have mercy on the misfortunes of this unhappy boy? You, my best of judges, shall retire to a desert island, so that you may have an opportunity of studying justice. But, Kalum Bek, what am I to say to you? You shall pay Said for all the time he has served you, and," as Kalum was beginning to congratulate himself on coming so well out of the business, "for the perjury you shall receive a hundred strokes on the soles of your feet. Take the men away and carry out their sentence."  The wretched beings were led away, and the Caliph took Said and his father into another apartment. Here their conversation was interrupted by the yells of Kalum, who was undergoing punishment in the court outside. The Caliph invited Benezar to bring his goods and settle in Bagdad. He gladly consented, and Said spent his life in the palace built for him by the grateful Caliph--indeed, the proverb ran in Bagdad, "May I be as good and fortunate as Said, the son of Benezar."   